identity governance entitlement management: add subject properties (#21254)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accesspackagesubject.md

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|

> |cleanupScheduled|DateTimeOffset|The date and time the subject is marked to be blocked from sign in or deleted. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time.|

Reviewer: Can't trace it in the public schema. Can you confirm?

|displayName|String|The display name of the subject.|
|email|String|The email address of the subject.|
|id|String| Read-only.|
|objectId|String|The object identifier of the subject. `null` if the subject is not yet a user in the tenant.|
|principalName|String|The principal name, if known, of the subject.|

> |subjectLifecycle|String|The governance of the subject user lifecycle. One of `NotDefined`, `NotGoverned`, `Governed`.|

Reviewer: The return type is the accessPackageSubjectLifecycle enumeration. Please document the enum.
```suggestion
|subjectLifecycle|accessPackageSubjectLifecycle|The governance of the subject user lifecycle. One of `notDefined`, `notGoverned`, `Governed`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
```

Author: This was handled in a separate PR, removing from this PR.
